CLI examples cloudfront, cognito-idp, ec2, ecr-public, ecs, inspector… (#8960)
aws/aws-cli: awscli/examples/ecr-public/describe-images.rst

                "imageDigest": "sha256:f7a86a0760e2f8d7eff07e515fc87bf4bac45c35376c06f9a280f15ecad6d7e0",
                "imageTags": [
                    "temp3.0",
                    "latest"
                ],
                "imageSizeInBytes": 232108879,
                "imagePushedAt": "2024-07-22T00:54:34-05:00",
                "imageManifestMediaType": "application/vnd.docker.distribution.manifest.v2+json",
                "artifactMediaType": "application/vnd.docker.container.image.v1+json"
            }
        ]
    }

For more information, see `Describe an image in a public repository <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECR/latest/public/docker-push-multi-architecture-image.html>`__ in the *Amazon ECR Public*.

**Example 2: To describe images from the repository by sort imageTags & imagePushedAt.**

The following ``describe-images`` example describe images within repository named `project-a/nginx-web-app` in a public registry. ::

    aws ecr-public describe-images \
        --repository-name project-a/nginx-web-app \
        --query 'sort_by(imageDetails,& imagePushedAt)[*].imageTags[*]' \
        --output text

Output::

    temp3.0 latest
    temp1.0
    temp2.0

> **Example 3: To describe images from the repository to generate the last 2 image tags pushed in the repositry.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Example 3: To describe images from the repository to generate the last 2 image tags pushed in the repository.**
```

> The following ``describe-images`` example gets imagetags details from the repository named ``project-a/nginx-web-app`` in a public registry and then pipes that output to display only the first two lines. ::

Reviewer: I think "pipes that output" would refer specifically to piping output of the command as it did before (to `head`). I think the wording should be clarified a bit more to describe whats happening here.

```suggestion
The following ``describe-images`` example gets imagetags details from the repository named ``project-a/nginx-web-app`` in a public registry and then queries the results to sort them and display only the first two records. ::
```
